DOCS-13079 Update API (#62)
mulesoft/docs-anypoint-datagraph: modules/ROOT/pages/add-api-to-unified-schema.adoc

. Select an authentication policy and complete any required fields.
. Click *Save*.

> [[upate-an-api-version]]

Reviewer: up**d**ate* (sorry for the little changes 😬 )

Author: @tfoxy don't apologize, thank you for catching that!

== Update an API Version

> After you've added an API schema to DataGraph, you can later update the version of the API source. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After you've added an API schema to DataGraph, you can update the version of the API source any time you like. 
```

When you choose a new version of an API, DataGraph lists any edits you've made to the current version that it can't automatically apply to the new version.

For any edits DataGraph can't automatically apply, you'll have the option to manually apply these edits before you complete the update. 

. Click *List of APIs added* and select the appropriate API.
. Click *API details*.
. From the *Updated Version* list, select the new API version.
. Click *Next*. 
. If DataGraph finds changes it cannot apply, review the list of *Existing Edits Not Applied in Updated Schema* and manually apply them: 
.. Select a customization and click *Next*.
.. Edit the API schema as necessary and click **Apply Changes**. 
+

> After you apply the changes, repeat step 5 for any additional changes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After you apply the changes, repeat Step 5 for any additional changes.
```

. Optionally, select *Configure Truststore* and provide a link to the certificate bundle that contains your root CA.
. Click *Save*.

[[update-an-api-version]]
== Update an API Version

After you've added an API schema to DataGraph, you can update the version of the API source any time you like. 

When you choose a new version of an API, DataGraph lists any edits you've made to the current version that it can't automatically apply to the new version.

For any edits DataGraph can't automatically apply, you'll have the option to manually apply these edits before you complete the update. 

. Click *List of APIs added* and select the appropriate API.
. Click *API details*.
. From the *Updated Version* list, select the new API version.
. Click *Next*. 
. If DataGraph finds changes it cannot apply, review the list of *Existing Edits Not Applied in Updated Schema* and manually apply them: 
.. Select a customization and click *Next*.
.. Edit the API schema as necessary and click **Apply Changes**. 
+
After you apply the changes, repeat Step 5 for any additional changes.
. Click *Next* to edit the new version's schema.  

== Additional Resources

> * xref:edit-schema.adoc[]

Reviewer 3: Checking to see if this needs alternative text.
